Lewis looked over the gather crowed at the Stardrop Saloon. The Saloon served as the usual gathering spot for any town meetings that were held, and nearly every member of the town had come. Maru was busy watching over the two newcomers in Harvey’s absence, and the manager of the new JojaMart Morris didn’t come to town events, seeing them as a waste of time. The only other missing face was the Wizard, but even though Lewis made sure to deliver a notice of the time and place of the meeting to his tower personally, he didn’t expect Rasmodius’ arrival, due to ‘experiments and research that could not be put off.’

While Gus and Emily were busy making food for the villagers that had to skip breakfast, Harvey and Lewis prepared to address the crowd. After talking with the two earlier in the morning, Izuku and Kyoka decided to keep the ‘From another world that has weird powers called Quirks’ under wraps. They hardly believed the situation themselves, and the last thing they needed was an entire town believing them to be insane. Instead, they would simply be two young travelers that could not return to their homeland for private reasons, while Izuku’s superhuman strength and Kyoka’s extra ear-based limb’s the result of exposure to odd magics. Although magic was a documented phenomenon, not many beyond dedicated practitioners knew much about it, so it would serve as a plausible explanation.

“Alright, everyone that’s going to be here is here and we all have busy day’s ahead of us, so I’ll just get right to the point.” The conversations of the villagers died out as every gave Lewis and Harvey their attention. “As some of you already know yesterday morning Wily found two people, a boy named Izuku Midoriya and a girl named Kyoka Jiro, washed up on the beach by the pier before he and Alex brought them to the clinic. Both of them are doing fine now, but for reasons they would rather keep private they don’t have anywhere else to go for the foreseeable future.” The comment got a few sympathetic looks from the group, particularly the three that found them. To be washed ashore and rendered destitute at such a young age must have been terrible.

“This meeting isn’t to ask for handouts or donations, but because I’ve decided to offer them a place to stay on the old farm to the west. If they accept the two will be the newest residents of Pelican Town.” Several of the villagers where surprised by the news, as the mayor had turned down several offers to buy the once prized farm for a sizable sum, only to offer it up for free. George, a former coal miner now confined to a wheelchair was the only one who seemed to have a major exception to Lewis’ plan. “You’re going to give that farm away to two brats? That farm was the pride and joy of this town back in my day! And instead of doing anything meaningful with it you just pass it off?”

George was friends with the old owner of the farm, a hard-working man named Gregory but as he got on in years was saddled with the nickname ‘Grandpa’. Ironically, he didn’t have any known grandchildren, his son died before having kids of his own and his estranged daughter moved away and cut contact with the man. It had been his dream to pass the farm down through the family, but without that option he instead gave the deed to Lewis, with the only stipulation being that he gave it to someone who needed it. “I know seeing the farm waste away is a sad sight, but the old man was clear on how the property should be handled and giving it to two kids down on their luck is exactly what he would have wanted, and you know it.” George didn’t offer a rebuttal beyond a small “hmmph”, so Lewis turned his focus to Robin the local carpenter. “Any idea on how long it will take to get the house ready for two people?”

The orange haired woman expected such a request from the moment he announced the two would be moving into town and already had an answer ready, “That old house is in pretty good condition considering the years. I could have it ready by the 1st of Spring if I rush it.” The mayor was satisfied with her answer and made a mental note to compensate her well for the sudden job. “With that out of the way there’s only one more thing to address, but I feel Harvey can explain things better than I can.” Lewis stepped aside as the crowd turned towards Harvey, who cleared his throat while pulling out some notes.

“Due to some potential exposure to magic, although the exact situation is unclear, both Izuku and Kyoka have for lack of a better term, “changes” to their bodies. Normally I would not disclose the details of my patients, but both have given their consent for this information to be shared, as they feel it would be better to inform everyone at once. Kyoka has the most notable change with two prehensile limbs at the end of her ears that resemble headphone cords, while Izuku has a much higher bone and muscle density, to the point his own strength can break his bones.” This news got a few murmurs about the two, mostly concern about exactly *how* the boy found that last fact out, before Alex loudly exclaimed “No wonder that guy was so heavy! I gotta find out his diet plan, dude must need a lot of protein for…”

As Alex continued his musing on his new workout buddy (whether Izuku knew it or not), Harvey tried to regain the floor to continue speaking. “On that topic, with the exception of a sensitivity to loud noises and an increase in protein intake respectively, the two have received a clean bill of health and should be discharged soon.” Harvey put away his writings and went to go sit down and let Lewis continue, only to be immediately approached by Demetrius, Robin’s husband, and a local biologist. While his specialization was in the fauna and flora of Stardew Valley, his mind couldn’t rest until he knew the how and why of such drastic changes occurring in the human body.

Lewis called the meeting adjourned, while the townspeople left to continue whatever their day called for. Most made a mental note to visit the two in Harvey’s clinic to welcome them to Pelican Town, it was only neighborly after all. While several people formed ideas about potential welcoming gifts or wondering how well they would get along with the town, Lewis prepared to float his idea to the two, and made his way to the clinic.

* * *

“How would you two like to own a farm?”

Neither Izuku nor Kyoka were expecting Lewis to be so generous as to offer property for the two to live on, much less for free. But while they were immensely grateful for his kindness, they did have some… reservations with the news. “Do we look like farmers?” was the first thing out of Kyoka’s mouth, perhaps a slight bit ruder than she intended. “I don’t know the first thing about farming, and I’m going to take a gamble and say Greenbean over there doesn’t either.”

“Greenbean?” Izuku quietly said, unnoticed by the other two.

“Oh, please! The previous owner didn’t know a lick of farming when he got the propriety, and he turned an old patch of dirt into the shining jewel of this town.” Lewis seemed to beam with pride recounting the glory days of Pelican Town. “Besides, it’s not like you *have* to farm. Practically anywhere you look you can make a living off the valley. Fishing, Mining, heck with the forage you could take a walk through the forest and turn a profit for the day!”

*‘Why does it feel like he’s selling us something?’* the two Heroes thought at the same time, before Izuku turned to Kyoka. “Well, it’s not like we have many other options. Plus, we’re training to fight villains on a daily basis, I think we can handle growing some crops while we wait for whatever Quirk hit us to wear off.”

A soft groan escaped Kyoka’s lips but with no real annoyance behind it. “How dare you use logic on me Izuku, I thought I could trust you.” The two shared a small laugh while Lewis took that as her acceptance. “Well, I’m glad that Gregory finally got his last wish” he said to himself and stood to leave the room. “Our local carpenter is fixing up the house on the property, and she should be done on the 1st of Spring. Harvey wanted to keep you two until then anyway, said he should be getting what he needs to run his last tests tomorrow.”

The two bid farewell to Lewis, and went back to entertaining themselves, which in a hospital room meant reading, talking to each other, or staring at the clock.

The next day was much more exciting for the two, as Harvey finally received the necessary devices to preform brain scans on the two and received assistance by a scientist who introduced himself as Demetrius. While the two (to quote Kyoka) ‘Nerded out’ over the scan results, a large number of people came to introduce themselves and welcome them to the valley.

A kind old lady and a rather grumpy old man introduced themselves as Evelyn and George, who gave the two a plate of fresh cookies and a demand to “treat that old farm right,” respectfully, and soon after a trio of young adults, around a few years older the Izuku and Kyoka (*‘I guess it would be around ten here,’* Izuku thought). The blond was named Sam, the dark-haired boy Sebastian, and the fellow purple head Abigail. When Kyoka asked about the nearest music store, which was in a place called Zuzu city, the group seemed to perk up. They were interested in starting a band and had begun to learn to play some instruments, and Sam asked if the two were interested in practicing together. After a push from Izuku, who was interested as he had herd practicing guitar would be good physical therapy for his fingers, Kyoka agreed and the five planned a time.

Clint, the town blacksmith came by to drop off some tools to farm and mine with, saying if they wanted to pay him back then to buy form his store. Wily, the man who found them, dropped off some old fishing poles and live bait. Thankfully in a sealed container. Demetrius, after stopping by his home for lunch came back with a book on beginners farming for the two, and soon after Pierre, the owner of the local store offered some free seeds, “to personally show the quality compared to JojaMart seeds.” Despite the fact that neither of the two knew what a JojaMart was.

A few smaller welcoming gifts came in throughout the day, A cookbook from the owner of the Saloon, Gus, a selection of teas from a woman named Caroline, and a welcoming card signed in a messy scrawl by “Vincent and Jas”, and in a much neater handwriting “Penny”, who Izuku and Kyoka found out was the local tutor.

The last gift of the day came from a girl with blue hair and a bubbly attitude, Emily. She came with a bag containing new clothes for the two. Izuku and Kyoka were immensely grateful, seeing as they both only possessed a single school uniform for clothing. Emily was a skilled tailor, and the clothes were not only durable to stand up to the stresses of farming, but comfortable and rather stylish. Kyoka asked how she managed to get their sizes right without meeting them, but Emily only responded that she “was told in a dream.” Izuku argued that in a world that apparently has magic, it didn’t seem such an odd explanation, to which Kyoka once again cursed his fowl logic reasoning.

Without any other further visitors, the two got ready for the next day. While neither knew just how long they would be in this strange place, they were at least glad they would be surrounded by good people.

* * *

“Y’know, when the mayor said it was an old farm, I was expecting worn down fences and dirt, not… this.” Kyoka said while gesturing to the scene before her.

Stretched out before the two was what could be called a farm in the loosest sense, the years of disuse leaving the property covered in weeds, trees, old logs, and somehow entire boulders. It was difficult to even see where the end of the property was and where the surrounding forest began. The ruins of what was once a greenhouse sat near the main house, which was the only thing that looked remotely new. Robin was true to her word that she could renovate the home rather quickly.

Izuku knew that today would be an active one, but he expected to be busy tilling soil and sowing seeds. With a small sigh he resigned himself instead to a monotonous day of clearing weeds and uprooting trees. At least it would be good practice using One for All.

After several hours, Izuku had cleared around half of the property, finding out rather quickly that his own body and Quirk were better suited to removing the large, gnarled logs and dense boulders then the tools he had on hand, while Kyoka finished planting and watering the seeds Pierre had given them. Both were rather tired but had become accustomed to such a feeling after the many intense days of Hero training at U.A., a little farm work wouldn’t be enough to stop the two. After placing the fallen trees and broken stone near the house to be used later, the two new farmers elected to retire for the night.

The house was far from spacious but was more than enough for their needs. The largest room was a mix between a surprisingly well equipped kitchen and a furnished living room. Connected by a short hallway, the next room was a single bedroom, luckily coming with a divider for privacy, and a bathroom.

“Ugh, remind me why we let Lewis talk us into this again?” Kyoka mumbled out; barley heard as she flopped face down on her bed. “Because one, we both need a place to stay, two, a way to make money, and three, this was the only open property in town?” Izuku shot back. It was odd, but while a few days ago he would have been a stuttering mess when talking to any of his classmates beyond his own group of friends, he found himself able to relax around the punk girl. *‘Even though she’s really attractive. And cool. And…’* A traitorous part of his brain whispered before he forcefully stamped it down. The last thing Izuku wanted was to make the situation awkward between them. *‘Besides, there’s no way someone as great as Kyoka would think of me the same way’* he thought, unaware of the similar crisis occurring in Kyoka’s mind.

She knew he was strong, and probably had built some muscle with his training, but nothing had prepared Kyoka from watching the shy wallflower that Izuku was rip a tree from the ground with one arm and heft it over his shoulder like one would a baseball bat. It seemed Izuku was full of these surprises, from the battle trial during their first Heroics class, the sports festival, and most recently his fight with Overhaul, the meek boy seemed to pull moments of boundless determination and intense strength out of nowhere. Now knowing about how Izuku spent most of his life effectively Quirkless only made Kyoka all the more impressed that Izuku could still be so kind and considerate and… well, Izuku.

Trying (and failing) to get the image of Izuku working to clear the field from her head, Kyoka would admit to herself that maybe, *just maybe,* she might be attracted to the cinnamon roll she was sharing a room with. *‘Not like it would matter,’* she thought to herself. *‘There’s no way someone like Izuku would notice me that way.’*

With the evening giving way to night, both prepared to rest for a new day of more labor. While eager to return to their old lives and friends with all the stresses they entailed, both Izuku and Kyoka would both find themselves having pleasant dreams filled with living a quiet life on the farm with the other by their side. A dream they would be living out for much longer than either one expected.