The revelation that her boyfriend was not only born 100% bona fide Quirkless, but also chosen by the greatest Hero in Japan’s history to take his Quirk and legacy *and* would be getting all the Quirks of the pervious users actually changed very little in Kyoka’s day to day routine. She still woke up and tended to whatever chores needed to be done, the two farmers still worked to provide whatever assortment of items the little Junimo’s asked for (why they needed construction materials, smelted metal or gold coins would forever be a mystery.) and the couple still hung out with their friends.

All that really changed was Izuku’s training regimen. While he still did physical training with Alex on the beach, he now dedicated half of his Quirk training time to increasing his max percentage of One for All, and the other half to the newly acquired Blackwhip. While improvement of One for All was steady, albeit slow, progress on the new Quirk was practically null. Blackwhip was fueled by anger, and the added power from One for All could make the Quirk lash out unpredictably. For the first few days, Izuku couldn’t make any progress. It was hard for him to muster up the anger needed to bring the Quirk out without pumping too much to keep control.

After the 3rd full day of training Blackwhip to no results Izuku was feeling dejected. One for All was a much different beast to tame, sure it broke his bones when he first got it, but this new Quirk felt like it was fighting him at every step of the way. His mood hadn’t improved at all when he returned to the house, something Kyoka easily picked up on.

“Still nothing?” She asked while preparing two plates of some recipe Emily had mailed over.

Izuku let out a weary sigh and shook his head. “It’s just… frustrating. When I got One for All, it felt like I was starting a decade behind everyone else, I couldn’t even use my Quirk without hurting myself while the rest of the class was improving every day. And now that I actually have a handle on it, another Quirk shows up and it feels like I’m being dragged back to the starting line again.” Izuku took a moment to eat while he collected his thoughts, eventually finding the words to explain himself further. “I know I should be grateful, there are people who would give up everything for a strong Quirk like this. I just hate feeling like… like…”

“Like you’re not enough?” Kyoka knew the feeling well. Kids were cruel, as most children with mutation type Quirks could attest. Add in the fact that until she discovered the ability to channel her heartbeat through her earjacks, Kyoka got hit with the weak Quirk stigma as well. She knew how much that type of crap could stick with you, and Kyoka would be the first to admit she got off rather easy compared to some of her old middle school classmates. For a boy who spent most of his life being told he should just give up on his dreams, that his existence was a mistake, well…

Izuku didn’t offer a response, but the look on his face told the purple-haired girl she hit the mark. Luckily, she knew just the cure for the lingering self-doubting thoughts. Besides the pair’s nightly ritual of bad movies and cuddling.

Izuku was a results-oriented person. While he may be smart enough to realize that mastering a new Quirk would take time and effort, actually seeing some results, no matter how minor, was the quickest way to break him out of this funk. “Well, you said Blackwhip needs anger to work right?” A nod from Izuku prompted her to continue. “Well, are you just trying to feel angry, or do you think of anything to get you there?”

“The only thing I can think of that gets me angry enough to use Blackwhip is being in a situation like defending Kota from Muscular or stopping Overhaul to protect Eri. Anything else I’ve tried just doesn’t have the kick to get it going, but those life-or-death moments make Blackwhip too uncontrollable.” So that was the problem, Izuku wasn’t angry enough normally to drag the Quirk out, or he got too angry to maintain control. Kyoka and Izuku dined in silence while the girl mused on just how Izuku could hit that perfect sweet spot.

Diner was nearly over, and the two began to wash their used dishes when the girl finally spoke up. “Hey Izu? How… how was it like growing up? Quirkless, I mean.” The verdanette wasn’t expecting such a question. From the day Kyoka found out he was a ‘late bloomer’, the exact details of his childhood went unspoken. She knew the hell that growing up Quirkless in a Quirk dominated society was. In their first month of U.A. class 1-A had been presented with a lecture concerning discrimination based on Quirk status. During the lesson, the exact statistic of how many Quirkless people committed suicide in their lifetimes was given, 40%. Only for the class to erupt when Aizawa revealed it to be one of his Logical Ruse’s™. in actuality, 40% of the Quirkless population committed suicide before they had even finished high school. While the class reacted with horror and disgust that people would drive someone to such lengths simply for the lack of a Quirk, Izuku and Bakugou were silent, both trying to look anywhere other than the front of the class. Statistics and graphs are impersonal however, and Kyoka needed to hear the details from her boyfriend.

“It… it was bad. It started out pretty simple, I still orbited around Bakugou and his cronies, even when they started calling me Deku or making me the villain in every game. But pretty soon it got worse.” Izuku had stopped washing by this point, with his gaze lost reminiscing on past cruelties. “I liked analyzing Quirks, even before my diagnosis, and I tried to give everyone advice on how to use theirs, or new techniques. Anything to be helpful, prove I wasn’t useless. They… didn’t really like that. Said I was trying to call them stupid for not knowing how their own Quirks worked.”

By this point the dishes sat in the sink forgotten by the both of them, Kyoka too invested to do anything other than listen to what Izuku had to go through. “Then one day, a kid in my class asked if I wanted to help him with Quirk training, he could grow spikes from his hands. I was so excited that someone actually wanted my help, I didn’t notice that he was leading me to the back of the school, to a blind spot where there weren’t any security cameras.” Izuku began to trace his thumb over a spot on his arm. The potion from the Wizard healed every bit of scarring on his body, but sometimes Izuku could still feel them. “From then on, I was the official ‘test dummy’ for anyone to practice using their Quirk on. Any teacher that saw what was happening ignored it. But honestly, that wasn’t really the worst part.”

“It gets *worse*?” Kyoka didn’t know if she wanted to know what could be worse than constant abuse like that.

“Well, physically that’s the worst it got. Kachan actually put a stop to it one day, said that they ‘shouldn’t waste their time on some worthless Deku’, but from the glare he was giving them I could tell he was pissed off.” A small smile graced itself on Izuku’s face, before it just as quickly disappeared. “The worst thing was the pity. It stated small, the teachers telling me to be careful playing with the other kids. Wouldn’t want someone with my ‘condition’ to get hurt after all. But it just never stopped. Every single person in my life treated me like I would break if they looked at me wrong.” A groan of metal snapped Izuku out of memory lane, as he realized he had begun to grip the lip of the sink hard enough to leave imprints of his fingers. “I… I don’t really want to talk about it anymore if that’s alright.”

“Yeah, I get it.” Clearly the topic was a sensitive one, no point in trying to force a conversation over it. “But on the bright side, I think I may have an idea for getting control of your new Quirk.” Izuku cocked his head, wondering how the conversation they just had could help. “I’d say from your handiwork on the sink all that bullshit you went through makes you pretty angry.” Kyoka pointed an earjack to the new dents. “Have you tried using that to bring out Blackwhip?”

“I… no not really. Thinking back to those days just… hurts, so I try not to.” By now the dishes had been ‘left to soak’ (completely abandoned), as Kyoka dragged Izuku to sit on the sofa.

“You know that’s not healthy, right?” the purple-haired girl responded in concern. Izuku left her without an answer long enough that she decided to speak up again. “I’m not saying you need to tell me your life story in graphic detail right now, but anytime you just want to talk about that stuff I’ll listen.”

While his face didn’t notably change, Kyoka could have sworn Izuku’s eyes brightened up, even if just a bit. “Thanks, Kyo. For putting up with my shit. I know it’s probably a lot to…”

“Hey.” Kyoka stuck a jack to the boy’s neck in what could be seen as a threatening manner, but Izuku knew better. If she wanted to hurt him, he would already be convulsing on the floor from the vibration. “I’m not ‘putting up’ with anything. You would literally move a mountain if I asked you too, this is the least I could do. Plus, I like seeing you happy.” As she pulled the jack away from her boyfriend’s neck, she felt a smirk creep onto her face. “Also, what’s with the swearing?” She asked sarcastically. “The boy I started dating would have fainted the second he heard the word ‘fuck.’”

“Well, I have been living with you for the better part of two months.” As the two shared a laugh and enjoyed their evening together, Izuku silently thanked whatever cosmic forces governed his life had allowed Kyoka to enter it.

The next day during his training Izuku began to test out Kyoka’s suggestion. It was difficult to even think back on the discrimination and abuse without falling down a cycle of self-pity and doubt, but after a few hours of failed attempts he had finally managed to move a large stone from one end of the quarry to the other without breaking it.

It didn’t make him feel as good as the day he received One for All, standing atop the last scrap from Takoba Beach as he screamed in victory. But it felt damn close.

* * *

“Kyoka! It’s so good to see you!” The cheerful voice of Emily rang out the second the girl in question stepped into the household. It seemed like every time anyone entered a building the bluenette was currently in, she somehow knew and was ready with a greating no matter what she was doing or where she was.

“You say that every time you see me.” Kyoka responded, passing by Emily’s craft area to see the girl focused on whatever creative endeavor had her focus for the week. While the girl was a skilled tailor, Emily often branched out and dabbled with a variety of passions.

“Because it’s always true!” Emily had a painter’s smock on top of her outfit, and in front of her was a half-filled canvas. It seemed to be of some kind of whale, but… in the sky? And for some reason a potted plant was there. Attributing such a scene to Emily just being Emily, Kyoka placed the basket she was carrying down next to a sewing machine. “The sheep are old enough to be sheared now, so I brought you some wool.” Emily had asked for some if the two farmers ever started to raise sheep, offering to use any excess fabric she made for new clothes. Taking care to clean her hands of any paint and removing the stained smock, Emily moved to inspect the gift.

“Thank you so much, I hope it wasn’t too much trouble.” Before Kyoka could get a word out that it wasn’t, Emily had already scooped up the basket and started to rummage through various papers with clothing designs. After dumping out the wool and handing the basket back, she suddenly stopped and let out an excited gasp. “I just had a great idea!”

Due to previous exposure with the likes of Ashido and Kaminari, Kyoka was close to letting lose some form of snarky comment. Through a herculean force of will the punk girl held her tongue, and instead asked “What is it?” Truly a moment of pure heroism.

“The Stardew Valley fair is in less than three weeks! Normally I don’t display anything like Pierre or Marnie because I don’t sell my works, but I was thinking I could make some specialty fabric or even some clothes for you to display. Because it’s still made from a product of your farm you can use it for your Grange Display.” The idea sounded solid to Kyoka. Emily’s tailoring was very high quality and would be a great addition to any display her and Izuku set up, and Emily got… what did she get from this?

“Looking to promote your work? Izuku and I would be happy to help any way we can.” Everyone in Pelican Town had been good to the two farmers, but Emily always seemed to go Plus Ultra with her generosity, and neither Kyoka nor Izuku were the type of people to let it go unreciprocated. Emily waved away such concerns, however.

“Oh no, I’m still not selling anything. I don’t really care if you tell people who made it or not, I just want to show that good clothes can be made locally. Getting clothes shipped to your door is becoming popular, and while it is convenient, a lot of small businesses can’t compete with larger retailers.”

Kyoka and Emily spent the next half hour discussing the collaboration, mainly deciding what clothing would be best to display in the fair. While normally she would ask Izuku’s opinion in a matter that would affect them both like this, Kyoka had seen what clothes he chose to wear back in Japan. A collection of T-shirts that had said things like ‘T-shirt’ or ‘dress shirt’ was likely not what Emily had in mind when offering to display her work.

Pretty soon the sky had begun to darken, and Kyoka took that as her que to leave while Emily started some design sketches for her new project. Just as she was about to exit, Kyoka was nearly hit by the door as Haley threw it open, slammed it closed behind her, and stormed past the farmer with a loud “Out of my way!” before retreating to her room.

Kyoka had few interactions with Haley, the blond came off as one of the stereotypical ‘preppy’ girls that the violette wasn’t fond of. The few conversations they shared had done little to change this impression as Haley was either disinterested or accidentally condescending, but this level of borderline hostility was new.

The surprise on Kyoka’s face must have been apparent, as Emily was quick to explain. “I’m sorry about how Haley just acted, she’s been in a bad mood for a few days now.”

“’Bad mood’ is putting it lightly.” Kyoka scoffed. “What’s so wrong that she’s taking it out on everyone else?”

To see Emily without anything other than a bright smile was unusual, but the small frown on her face was a rarity. “She lost a bracelet on the beach. Normally she would just buy another, but this one was passed down to our great-grandmother by her grandmother, and then to Haley.” Emily turned to grab something from her craft room and came back with a small blue gemstone and a sketch of a golden bracelet. “I knew how much it meant to her so I thought I would make her one just like it, even if it wasn’t the same one.” A dejected sigh, another rarity from Emily, escaped her lips. “She started yelling that I was just trying to make her stop complaining, and since then she’s been… well, you saw.”

Well, that was certainly different than what Kyoka was expecting, but something still didn’t feel right. Sure, Haley liked nice jewelry and would be mad about losing a nice piece, but why would she be so adamant against replacing it with a new one? “This is about more than just the bracelet, isn’t it?” Kyoka liked to think she was good at reading in between the lines enough to realize what was going on, but you know what they say about assuming.

“Yeah, it is.” Emily made her way to sofa to sit down, and Kyoka followed her lead. “Our parents like to travel a lot, and I guess either didn’t expect to have kids or just didn’t want to change their lifestyle. They still send money and letters asking how we’re doing and what’s going on, but for the past two years they haven’t really been… around. Even before then we lived with our great-grandmother here in Pelican Town more often than our own parents”

Kyoka could relate to the feeling even if only slightly. Her parents always made time for her, but their lives as musicians meant that there would occasionally be stretches of time where she would stay with family friends. Only in the past few years did the pair decide Kyoka was old enough to come along, but even then, it was far from any sort of vacation as the effort they put into their concerts left little time for shared activities.

“Haley used to really like it here, always finding new things for her photography. A little while before our parents left to travel our great-grandmother passed, and Haley started to lash out, kind of similar to how she is now. I guess losing the bracelet grandma gave her is dragging up some bad memories.”

“I’m… sorry to hear that.” Kyoka didn’t have anything else to say in the face of such a story. “I hope Haley starts feeling better soon.”

“Thank you for the concern. I know Haley, and she’ll bounce back from this. Even if she doesn’t show it, I know she would appreciate the concern.” With no more to talk about and the evening fast approaching, Kyoka left the household and made her way to the nearby bench in front of the Saloon.

She first wrote off Haley’s mood as just some bratty tantrum, but now with the full story she felt like a bitch for assuming as such. Practically anyone would lash out after losing something with that much sentimental value, and even if well meaning, Emily’s attempts to replace it could easily be seen in the wrong light. But what could she do about it? She can’t just offer some bog-standard platitudes, and clearly replacement wasn’t an option. It’s not like Kyoka could just turn an entire beach over to find a single bracelet that might not be there anymore. Right?

Kyoka took a look at the time. Izuku would be killing two birds with one stone by using Blackwhip to try and catch some fish in the evening, both to practice catching something small and fast without crushing it, and to catch a few fish that only came out late in the day to finish a bundle for the Junimo’s (again, she didn’t know why they needed fish at all). She had a few hours to kill, and Izuku was always saying it was a Hero’s job to help even when no one asked them too.

After making up her mind and leaping off the bench to her feet, Kyoka marched herself down to the beach. She had a bracelet to find.

* * *

Most festival days had Izuku and Kyoka waking up and starting their day with a small sense of urgency. The events so far began fairly early in the day, and the two could not afford to take it slow if they wished to arrive when the festivities opened. Or more accurately, Izuku said they should hurry while Kyoka was fine being an hour or two late.

Unlike most festival days there was no urgency in the farmers as today was the Dance of the Moonlight Jellies, the last day of summer, and the festival would be held on the beach from 10PM to midnight. After placing the last of the harvest to be shipped out, feeding the animals, and clearing out the fields to be ready for new crops the pair was left with little to do. Pierre wouldn’t sell seeds for the fall season until tomorrow (for some reason) and beyond preparing some more fertilizer there was nothing more to do on the farm.

Izuku was unused to such a large amount of free time with nothing to occupy it. Even before his admittance into U.A., any time to himself was dedicated to mostly to Hero analysis or learning how to do tasks around the house to better help his mother. Even after the move into the dorms, he often found himself training or studying. Kyoka thought it was pretty funny, and a bit depressing, that she had to teach the boy how to do something with his time other than training but was up to the challenge, nevertheless.

After a few (okay a lot of) new albums, a good movie and its terrible sequel, some junk food, and eight hours later, the two found themselves walking to the beach eager to see the natural phenomenon. Izuku had done his own research into the event, curious about the migrating jellyfish. Although the exact reason was still unknown, the jellyfish were attracted to lights. Every year on the last day of summer the residents of Pelican Town would place paper lanterns to attract the jellyfish as they migrated to warmer waters for the fall and winter, which would cause the ocean to softly glow from the bioluminescence.

As the pair arrived at the beach, they saw most of the town had already arrived. Kyoka waved to Emily and Haley, the latter of the two wearing an old, worn bracelet, while Izuku talked with Demetrius (the only town member more excited for the event than Izuku) about migration patterns, average swarm sizes, and other ‘nerd stuff’ to quote Kyoka.

As Lewis sent out a boat with a lantern meant to attract the traveling swarm of jellyfish, Izuku and Kyoka found a section of the pier secluded enough for their tastes to watch the event together. For a while, the two feared that something was amiss. It had been almost 15 minutes with nothing but the soft glow of the paper lanterns and the sound of waves hitting the shore, but none of the villagers seemed concerned. Soon enough, Izuku thought he could barley make out a soft glow in the water. He was about to point it out to Kyoka when an excited cry from Jas called the towns focus to the jellyfish. For as long as it took the jellyfish to first arrive, the rest weren’t far behind, and soon the waters surrounding the pier were bathed in a soft, cyan glow.

While Jas and Vincent were admiring some baby jellyfish and Demetrius was jotting down notes on the swarm, Izuku and Kyoka sat by the sidelines, content to admire the natural wonder before them. “It’s so beautiful.” Izuku found the words escaping from his lips. A quite hum from Kyoka signaled that she agreed. “Hard to believe it’s been two months.” The girl said.

With the close proximity, Kyoka practically feel Izuku tense up. It was subtle, anyone watching probably wouldn’t be able to tell, but she knew Izuku was stressing out about something. “Y-yeah… two months…” was the only thing he managed to get out before his own words failed him. After a period of silence, Izuku managed to force out a question he had been dreading to ask for a while. “Kyo… do you think we’ll actually be going back to Japan?” The words felt like sandpaper leaving his throat. He had done everything in his power to remain optimistic about their situation. How any day now, the two would find themselves back home, surrounded by worried classmates and their absence remembered only as a strange story to tell the press during interviews. But it had been two months. Izuku knew Quirks, and he had never heard of one with a temporary effect lasting more than a week.

“I… I don’t know.” Kyoka’s voice was subdued, “I want to say we will… but…” her voice trailed off leaving her thought unfinished, but Izuku didn’t need her to say it out loud to know what she was thinking.

“I think we need to start treating… all this as a permanent thing.” Izuku said. It hurt to say it out loud, to say that the pair would never see their homes again, but both knew it had to be done. There was a fine line between optimism and delusion and denying the reality of the situation would just be harmful in the long run.

Slowly the jellyfish left, one by one, to continue their migration. As the last glow faded into the ocean, and the town members left to return home, Kyoka grasped Izuku’s hand. “I’m just glad I met you. I mean, being the number one Hero duo sounds nice, but if this whole ‘farming isekai’ had to happen to be with you then I don’t mind.”

Izuku let out a small laugh, the dull ache in his chest already dissipating with her words. “Yeah,” he said, before leaning in to plant a small kiss on her lips, “Me neither.”